Questions Basics

1. What is the main function?
	Obligatory function when programming in C/C++. Returns int value (0 unless otherwise stated). Takes other functions written elsewhere in the program.
	
2. What is compilation and linking (of a C-program)? What is source code, object code, executable code?
	Compilation: translation of the code into something that the computer can read.
	Source code: function definitions written in C
	Object code: translation of function definitions from C into processor language
	Executable code: complete program (object code of all funcs. + library functions + extra information needed to run the code)
	
3. How can you compile and link a C-program which is wholly contained in one file, say hello.c? How do you run the resulting executable code?
	Compile + link the program: gcc hello.c -0 hello
	Run the program: ./hello

4. How do you supply the compiler with the description of the printf function? Why do you need to do this? How do you link the printf function?
	You need to include a header: #include<stdio.h>		
	
5. What is stdio.h? Why angle-brackets in #include<stdio.h>? Hint: C preprocessor: including files.
	It is a header defines three variable types, several macros, and various functions for performing input and output

6. How can you get the manual page of the C standard library function printf? Hint: there is also a utility printf in a POSIX system and man printf will show you the manual page for the printf utility, not the printf function from the C standard library.
	man 3 printf

7. What are the built-in data types for numbers in the C-language?
	int, float, double (char)
	
8. What is the result of the operation 1/2 in C?
	1 and 2 are both integers but 0.5 is not so we cannot do this. The result will therefore be 0.
	
9. In order to use the C mathematical functions, do you need to include any header files? Link any library? Hint: man sin.
	Header <math.h>
	
10. What is tgmath.h? If you use tgmath.h do you need to link any library? 
	defines a type-generic macro for each mathematical function defined in <math.h> and <complex.h>
